Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Castle s04e22
Undead Again
Dad...
What are you doing?
You have 30 seconds to suit up.
I...
the game's afoot.
- Dad...
- Wait. Let me savor this.
I haven't gotten the drop
on you since you were 10.
Oh, this feels like...
victory.
Dad, look, I can't, okay?
I have a big decision to make.
Well, have you at least
narrowed it down?
I made a list of all the classes
and the extra curriculars.
And the best choices seem to be
Oxford and Stanford.
What about Columbia,
NYU, Vassar?
They're all too close.
I'd come home all the time.
I want to challenge myself,
and I'd get sucked in
to things like this.
But then who's gonna
play with me?
I think it's time to
holster the laser guns
and be adults.
Game over.
Please, press exit.
Oh, darling,
it's just a game.
No, it's not.
It's... it's a time-honored
family tradition
that we've been
honoring since Alexis
could wrap her little
finger around a trigger.
First one to 1,000 points wins,
and we were so close.
We...
laser tagged our way
through her preteen years,
and now suddenly,
she's... too old to play.
She's growing up.
Well, she doesn't have to.
Look at me.
Ah, well, it seems...
Detective Beckett is
available for a play date.
Really?
Beckett and I have
not been exactly
hitting it off lately.
And why do you think that is?
Oh, I-I'm sorry.
Are you saying it's my fault?
Cavorting with some
awful gang detective,
showing up at a crime
scene with a stewardess...
if you want to punish Beckett,
at least let her know why.
I'm not punishing her.
I'm...
Am I?
Oh, darling, you're hurt.
I understand that.
But quite honestly, the two of
you cannot go on like this.
You know what, mother?
You're absolutely right.
Where are you going?
To a crime scene...
to work my last case
with detective Beckett.
You said you didn't like coffee.
I like vanilla lattes.
Hey, guys.
Hey. Thanks for calling.
Sure.
So our victim is David Lock, 29.
He's a currency trader
in a foreign exchange
office upstairs.
Looks like he was heading
into work when it happened.
His body was found by his boss...
at around 7:00 this morning.
Our intrepid heroes
have arrived.
And Castle.
Ah, Perlmutter.
I will treasure these special
moments we've shared.
So I take it that
this is Mr. Lock?
It appears he was set upon
by an unknown assailant.
Time of death was about 4:00 AM.
Cause of death?
Well, probably blunt
force trauma to the head
where it hit the concrete.
Wallet and cash?
Still intact, so it
definitely wasn't a mugging.
A savage beating at 4:00 AM,
there must be some motive.
Is this a bite mark on his arm?
It's not just a bite mark.
Look at the skin.
You see how it's torn?
The killer latched on and
shook like a pit bull
trying to tear off the flesh.
Thanks. Think we got it.
Anything else?
Just this.
It was, uh, found in
our victim's hand.
It was probably torn
off the killer's shirt
during the struggle.
That's a lace cuff.
Hand stitched, pearl buttons...
I'd say this was circa 1870.
I did a lot of
research on the era.
I was writing a book, a
comedy about the Civil War.
Turns out... not so funny.
You don't say?
Who would beat a guy to death
wearing a 150-year-old shirt?
You know, the
bigger question is,
why was he attacked
here where he worked?
You might want to ask his boss...
Mike Matthews.
I can't believe it.
We think that David
was killed around 4:00 AM.
Do you have any idea why
he was here so early?
David handled the Asian markets,
so he usually got in by 4:00.
He was a terrific kid.
You know, he was
hard-working, well-liked.
And was that the consensus?
What do you mean?
I mean, did he have any
conflicts with anyone at work?
Actually, yeah, there was
an incident last week.
Someone keyed his car.
Who?
David thought it was
Charlie Coleman,
one of my other traders.
Uh, the two of them were
vying for a promotion,
and I went with David.
Charlie didn't take it too well.
What time does Charlie
usually show up for work?
4:00 AM, same time as David.
Look, Charlie's...
kind of an oddball,
but I-I don't see him
mixed up in this.
We're gonna need to
talk to him anyway.
That's strange.
His car is right there
next to David's.
Why is that strange?
Because Charlie never came
into the office this morning.
What's his address?
That's a shame.
This case had some real promise.
Savage bite marks,
reconstruction-era clothing...
we had some mystery here,
a whiff of intrigue.
Now we're just slapping cuffs
on some disgruntled employee.
I just wanted this
one to be special.
Yeah, well, I'm sorry
it's not entertaining
enough for you, Castle.
Charlie Coleman, NYPD. Open up.
Stay away! It isn't safe!
Stand back.
It's for your own good!
Don't come in!
You can't come in here!
Sorry, Charlie.
Charlie, are you okay?
Anyone here?
No, no, no, no. Get back!
Get away from me!
Listen, we just gotta ask
you a few questions.
You need to leave!
You need to leave right now!
It's not safe!
Relax, Charlie.
Relax. We're cops.
- You're a cop?
- Yeah.
Is that your gun?
Yeah.
You need to shoot me. Do it now!
Do it!
Okay, Charlie, you
feeling better?
Uh, yeah.
Just gotta ask you
a few questions
about what happened this
morning with you and David.
Did you see him in the
parking structure?
Yeah, he'd just pulled in.
I said hello. He said hello.
The two of us aren't
real friendly.
So we've heard.
What happened next?
And then he stopped...
and he stared right past me with
this weird look on his face,
and then he said, "What
the hell is that?"
- What the hell was it?
- I couldn't tell at first,
'cause suddenly, it
was all over us.
Wait. You were attacked, too?
Yeah, but it was
mostly after David.
I mean, it was just
wailing on him.
I elbowed it in the head, and
it didn't even slow down.
Okay, what do you mean by "it"?
I called 9-1-1. I told them.
They didn't believe me.
No one believes me.
Just tell us what you saw.
As long as you promise
you'll believe me.
Yeah, fine. I promise.
Promise...
that you will use your gun on me
when I start to turn.
- Turn?
- Yeah.
What do you mean, turn?
The thing that bit me...
that killed David...
it was a zombie.
A z-zombie?
It was a zombie.
A freakin' zombie!
Sir, can you repeat that?
A zombie. The undead. Oh, man...
with those dead eyes
and flaps of rotting skin
coming off its face.
Uh, sir, this line is
for emergencies only.
Are you having an emergency?
Yes! I am having a
major emergency here.
Don't you get it?
This thing just killed
someone, and it bit me!
I'm gonna turn! I'm next.
Now Charlie made this 9-1-1 call
moments after the attack.
Does it sound like
he's faking to you?
It sounds like Charlie's
having a psychotic break.
What if his guilt made him snap
and he created a fantasy
in which zombies killed
David and not him?
I'm not so sure.
I mean, his voice does have
that authentic ring of
pants-wetting terror.
You do not believe
in Charlie's story.
I believe he believes it.
Okay, well, whatever
you believe,
all of the evidence
points to the fact
that Charlie Coleman
is our killer.
Maybe not all the evidence.
CSU analyzed that bite
mark on Charlie's arm.
Turns out that it matches the
bite mark on our victim.
Maybe Charlie bit David
and then he bit himself?
I was thinking the same thing,
but CSU also says
that the bite marks weren't
made by Charlie's teeth.
Oh, wait, um...
sorry.
Let me make sure I understand
so that I might properly
relish this moment.
You're saying...
the evidence shows that
Charlie and the victim
both were bitten by an
as-yet unknown third party.
- That's what I just said.
- Perhaps even
a mindless...
shuffling...
undead third party.
Castle, just stop.
There's no such
thing as a zombie.
Guys...
uh, you gotta see this.
So I was combing through
security cam footage
near the parking garage,
and I found this.
Time stamp's 4:06 AM,
which fits time of death.
That's our guy.
Yeah, but that's not Charlie.
Wait. What is he wearing?
That looks like
an old-fashioned suit.
Circa 1870 and...
his shirt's missing a cuff.
He almost got hit by that taxi.
He didn't even flinch.
Well, maybe this is why.
Look what we get from
the other angle.
My friends...
that...
is a zombie.
Our killer's a zombie.
Sync by YYeTs
Corrections by Alex1969 www.addic7ed.com
Well, you're rather upbeat
considering you said
this was your last
case with Beckett.
That's because I am
going out with a bang.
I have one word for you, mother...
Zombie.
- Too much makeup?
- You look lovely.
I'm referring to our victim
being killed by one of
the walking undead.
And I mean that
literally... a zombie.
Security camera caught him
in all his putrefying glory.
I don't suppose you downloaded
this video by chance?
Absolutely not.
That video's police property.
It would be very, very
wrong of me to...
get a screen grab of it
and e-mail it to myself.
Ooh. Well, it'll be our
little secret, darling.
I'm actually surprised
at your interest in
this case, mother.
Well, I really do
know the difference
between a first-rate makeup
job and actual decay.
You want to see
some real zombies,
check out the red carpet
at the Tony Awards.
I thought I...
I thought I put this away.
Where is she?
You were a fool to buy
my act yesterday.
And now you've fallen
right into my trap.
You will pay dearly
for your treachery.
Et tu, mother, for
luring me here.
Why, whatever do you mean?
That's my girl.
So what's this about a zombie?
Oh, my God.
I told you people. That's him.
Oh, so vile and disgusting...
that's the zombie that I saw.
Well, we're not exactly
sure that he's a...
What do you mean,
you're not sure?
What else could he be?
The point is, this
puts you in the clear.
We're releasing you.
I'm not sure that's a good idea.
Charlie, if you
were going to turn,
you would have done it by now.
This thing, have you caught it?
Not yet. Rest assured, we will.
I'll just stay here.
He won't leave?
Charlie's pretty convinced
about this whole zombie thing.
Yeah, but that's just...
that's ridiculous.
Or is it?
Charlie has not been wrong yet.
Maybe our killer
is patient zero,
out there right now on
the streets of New York,
building an army of the undead.
Castle, what we are looking for
is not a zombie,
but a very smart criminal
who murdered David Lock
and is now making our
only witness look crazy,
and he also dressed up
in makeup and a costume
to hide his identity.
Unless that's not a
costume or makeup.
I mean, he does look
like a real zombie.
A real zombie?
I'm embarrassed for you, bro.
Okay, then explain this...
why would a zombie go after
a currency trader at
4:00 AM in a garage?
This one's easy.
The more intelligent the victim,
the more delicious the brains.
So returning to the
land of facts,
what did you find at the
crime scene canvass?
Nada.
Only in New York could some guy
dress like a friggin' zombie
and walk down the
street unnoticed.
Oh, I did find a gap
in our timeline
before the murder.
What do you mean?
Well, according to the
doorman, the victim
left his apartment at 2:00 AM
and he never came back.
He was killed at 4:00 AM.
What was he doing for 2 hours?
I don't know, but
he drove there.
His credit card showed that he
gassed up on Houston at 2:44 AM.
All right.
Let's figure out where he went.
Trouble might have followed
him to the garage.
Or a zombie did.
I'll tell you where he went.
Booty call.
Tech guys pulled a text
message off David's phone.
He sent it to a chica
the night he died
wanting to hook up with her.
Does she have a name?
Greta Mastroianni.
Look, I... I don't understand.
Who would do something
like this to David?
Did you see him that night?
We know that he texted you
wanting to come over.
No, I-I called him
and told him not to.
I split up with David
about a week ago.
Um, he was still
trying to hold on.
Why'd you two split up?
I'm engaged, um...
to Tom... Tom Williams.
We've been together five years.
How did David figure in?
I met him when I was 21,
visiting a cousin in LA.
We had an intense couple
of weeks, you know,
then three months ago, I ran
into him at a coffee shop.
And did your fiance know about
this affair with David?
Yeah, he found, uh, e-mails
on my computer last week.
And how did he react to that?
He was hurt, he
threatened to leave me,
and that's when I realized
what I was about to lose,
so I broke it off with David
and begged Tom to give
me another chance.
And he did.
So where was Tom that night?
Home.
We went to bed around 11:00.
And he was there all night?
Greta...
where was Tom at 4:00 AM.?
Look, I don't know, okay?
I woke up around 2:30,
and he wasn't there.
I figured he was watching
TV in the living room,
but when I got up
in the morning...
He wasn't in the apartment.
So where was he all night?
I see what you're getting
at with this, okay?
But Tom had nothing
to do with it.
Did David e-mail you
from his office account?
Yeah.
Why?
Because that means
that your fiance
knew where David worked.
Look, I can't say I feel
bad this guy is dead.
But I had nothing to do with it.
Even though he was trying
to snake your fiancee?
He was out of the picture.
Greta made her choice,
and she picked me.
Yeah, except he wouldn't
take no for an answer.
You know, I bet you found out
that he was texting her,
and you decided to make
him stop texting her
permanently.
Well... you're wrong.
I never touched the dude.
I never even met him.
Yeah, but it had to
have made you angry.
I- I won't lie to you.
This whole thing has been tough.
But Greta and I are
building a life together,
and I think we're gonna
come out of it stronger...
Tom, about how tall are you?
About 6'?
6'2".
So about the same height
as this guy, right?
What the hell is that?
Come on. That's not me.
When you left the
apartment that night,
where were you for the
next hour and a half?
David was missing for the
same amount of time...
2:30 to 4:00 AM.
A- at the Hudson Law
Library studying.
You were at the
library at that hour?
It's open 24/7 during finals.
You can ask the librarian
and the ten other people
who were studying there.
I will.
Tom's alibi checks out.
He was at the law library
between 3:00 and 6:00 AM.
I really thought
that he was our man.
And it's not like David
Lock has any other enemies.
I mean, we already
confirmed that
with his friends and coworkers.
What about recently deceased
friends and coworkers?
Okay. Well, whatever
or whoever this is,
can we at least agree that
he looks like a zombie,
he dresses like a zombie,
and he acts like a zombie?
And that helps us how?
We're looking at
standard motives here.
But our killer isn't driven
by revenge, greed, or power,
not if he thinks he's a zombie.
So then by that
line of thinking,
his motive is a
primal urge to kill?
Regardless of who the victim
is, he kills at random.
Precisely.
Then how do you propose that
we find a random killer
in a city of eight
million people?
Maybe we start
with where the victim went
during those missing two hours.
Do tell.
Well, the lab ID'ed
a chemical found recently deposited
under the bottom of
David Lock's shoes.
What kind of chemical?
Uh, I won't even begin
to try to pronounce it,
but it is used in
three factories
in New York and New Jersey.
The night that David was killed,
he went to a gas
station on Houston.
Which one of those factories
is closest to Houston?
The one on the Lower East Side,
but it's been closed
for over a year.
Let's go.
Well, we know now this is, in
fact, an abandoned factory...
in a desolate,
godforsaken alley.
Imagination getting the
better of you, Castle?
No, no. Of course not.
Just wish we had more to show
for our efforts. That's all.
The thing that I don't get is,
why would a currency trader
like David Lock come down here?
It just doesn't make any sense.
Unless he had a dark side
we know nothing about.
Like what?
All I know is that normal people
don't come to places like this
at 2:00 AM in the morning.
In fact, I think I've seen enough.
Haven't you?
Wait. Do you hear that?
I'm not falling for that.
No, no, no, I'm serious. Listen.
- Footsteps.
- Yeah.
Lots of 'em.
Oh, my God!
They're after us!
Who is?
What are you people doing?
Don't just stand there! Run!
Come on!
What the hell is going on?
That's... that's a zombie...
that's a zombie horde.
There's no such
thing as zombies.
I'm sure I don't have to tell
you to aim for the head.
Beckett, they're behind us.
We're surrounded.
Oh, jeez. Oh, jeez.
You don't have enough bullets.
It's ground zero
for world war Z.
Get behind me.
We'll have to fight our way out.
This is so not cool.
There's no way this is real.
NYPD!
Stop moving now.
And stop pretending
to be zombies.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Take it easy.
We're just zombie walking here.
You're what?
Zzzombie walking.
It's like an amped
up form of tag.
We... we dress up like zombies,
and we chase the normals.
That would be us.
Yeah, yeah, if we tag'em,
we turn 'em,
and then they become
zombies, too.
Look, if this is because we
didn't get a permit, I...
It's not!
You're all coming with me.
Now.
How did I not know about this?!
This is outstanding.
Did you do this yourself?
Being a fan of zombie
lore, I get it.
But what's the appeal
of being a zombie?
Like look at this guy.
Who would want to be
alive in a decayed,
mindless state?
Being a vampire...
that I understand.
That's the romantic
route to immortality.
The, uh, gentlemen's
monster, as it were.
Speaking of monsters,
none of these zombies
match the photo
of our killer.
Maybe he's trying
out a new look.
How about you?
If you could be any supernatural
creature, what would it be?
Van Helsing. No question.
Monster slayer. Befitting.
And imagine,
the monster that we are hunting
might be in this very room.
All right, ladies,
thanks for your help.
I don't know about those
shoes with that top.
I'm just sayin'.
I'd have went open-toed.
Are you guys having
more luck than we are?
Not at all.
Oh, and guess what.
None of these knuckleheads
are real zombies.
I think what my colleague
means to say is
that no one recognized our
zombie from the video
or our victim David Lock.
If David wasn't a part
of the zombie crowd,
then what was he
doing down there?
He definitely wasn't
part of our group,
I can tell you that.
What about you?
Do you recognize him.
What?
Paul, are you high right now?
Whoa. Whoa. Hey now.
Uh... where's that...
coming from?
No. No, of course not.
Hello.
Right. Um...
Yeah, yeah, I-I don't
know this dude.
He's not a-a zombie
or a-a normal.
Listen,
will this take much longer?
I have a class in the morning.
- You're a student?
- A teacher.
Really?
Assistant professor
of anthropology.
I believe our fascination
with zombies
is a cultural phenomenon,
a commentary on the inner
numbness of modern life.
Yeah, okay.
Do either of you recognize this,
uh, zombie?
That's Kyle.
Kyle Jennings.
NYPD! Kyle Jennings!
Is that him?
Yeah, that's him.
Kyle.
He's dead.
So do we have cause of death?
I assume by "we," you mean me.
I'll have answers
after I cut him open.
Charming.
We're all meat, Castle.
Get over it.
What I can tell you is, his
teeth match the bite marks,
and the blood on his clothes
came from the victim.
Kyle Jennings is your killer.
Well, the question
is, who killed him?
Isn't that always the question?
Uh, you know, just...
What is it, Castle?
No, I was just wondering,
before this man died, he was
behaving exactly like a zombie.
Is there any medical
way to determine...
if he actually was...
one?
W- w-why is he in my morgue?
There are no zombies, Castle.
This is a man.
He was a live man.
Now he's a dead man.
End of story.
It's undead!
Castle, call for backup!
How... how do I...
9. 9.
9.
Is there a police code
for zombie on the loose?
So based on the latest
report from the ER,
Kyle Jennings was
transferred up to ICU.
He is stable but under sedation.
I'm telling you,
that guy was dead.
Remind me never to choke on a
chicken bone in front of you.
Hey, you checked that guy.
So did the paramedics.
Whoa. You guys, I'm sure
that there's a medical
explanation for it.
Oh, there's an
explanation, all right.
Besides that one.
Come on. You were there.
You saw it.
He rose from the dead.
He didn't rise from
the dead, Castle.
He wasn't dead in
the first place.
Yeah, he's not a zombie, Castle.
He's just a murderer.
Well, then what was his
motive for murder,
detective Esposito?
Kyle sold insurance.
He had no criminal record.
There's no evidence he
even knew our victim.
He's a human killer
with a human motive.
Or he's a zombie killer
with a zombie motive.
Beckett.
Tasty brains.
You know, Castle, do
you really believe
in all this zombie
stuff, because I...
I would swear on my nana's grave
that Kyle Jennings was dead.
No.
You know what I do believe in?
Driving Beckett crazy.
I have to say, it's
good to see you guys
hitting it off again.
Well, Castle, looks like
we will get our motive
straight from the source.
Mr. Kyle Jennings is
officially awake.
Kyle, I'm detective Beckett.
This is Mr. Castle.
What am I doing here?
Why are there cops outside?
No one's telling me anything.
What, was I mugged or something?
We need to ask you a few
questions about David Lock.
- Who?
- This man.
I don't know him.
Two nights ago, he
went on a zombie walk.
Did the two of you meet there?
I'm telling you, I've never
seen the guy before.
What is this about?
He was murdered.
Beaten to death.
What happened at
that zombie walk?
I can't remember.
Well, what's the last
thing you do remember?
Uh, I...
got dressed to head over there.
The next thing I know, I
woke up in the morgue.
Did you drink or do
drugs that night?
I don't do that stuff. Look...
I didn't hurt anyone, okay?
I would never do that.
I just... I don't
remember anything.
Well, the victim's blood
was found on your clothes,
bite marks match your teeth,
the cuff of your shirt was
clutched in his hand,
and a security camera
caught our killer on tape.
Is that you, Kyle?
Yes.
That's me.
I think you're gonna
need a lawyer.
So Kyle killed someone he
never met for no reason.
Is that what we're
supposed to believe?
Well, isn't that what
you said zombies do?
It is with a sad
heart, I say that
that man is no zombie.
Oh, even though he
rose from the dead?
It's common knowledge, when
you turn into a zombie,
you cannot turn back.
So you concede to the fact that
there's a medical
explanation to all of this?
I concede to nothing
except that Kyle is not
telling us the whole story.
You think he remembers?
When a life-altering
moment occurs,
people remember.
Well, maybe it's too
big to deal with.
Maybe he...
can't face it just yet.
Well, you think he ever will be?
Hopefully,
if he feels safe.
Perlmutter?
What are you doing here?
I came to tend to one of my
patients... Kyle Jennings.
Do you think that's a good idea?
I'll have you know,
I'm perfectly capable
of treating living patients.
I simply prefer not to.
I made an exception here
because the results of his
blood work are quite unusual.
What do you mean?
Kyle Jennings had
scopolamine in his system,
which, in small doses, is used
to treat motion sickness.
In larger doses, it acts on
the central nervous system
to promote compliant and
suggestible behavior.
Exactly how suggestible?
You'll basically do
whatever you're told.
It's like a date-rape drug,
only the victim
remains conscious.
And when the drug wears off,
you have no recollection
of what happened.
Is it possible somebody
slipped Kyle that drug?
I think it's highly
probable that they did.
What time do you think he
was given the scopolamine?
Between 2:45 and 3:45 the
night of the murder.
That's when he was
on that zombie walk.
Someone on the zombie
walk drugged Kyle
and sent him after David.
Kyle's innocent.
Far from a random active
of zombie mayhem,
this murder was
fiendishly deliberate.
It was meticulously planned...
By someone with a
powerful motive...
With access to those drugs...
Who was also at our zombie walk.
But we interviewed those people.
There's no evidence that
David knew any of them
or had anything to do
with the zombie scene.
Well, we know he was down there.
He had to have gone
there for a reason.
Maybe our best bet is to work
this through the drug angle.
Uh, I got started on that,
and I did some research
on scopolamine.
- Nice.
- Quite the list of side effects,
including drowsiness,
confusion, slurred speech,
death.
Is it available on the street?
It's uncommon, but it's
out there, and get this...
users refer to it as
"the zombie drug."
And I know just the zombie
to tell us all about it.
Hey, what is this?
I answered all your guys' questions.
When you were here last
time, what were you on?
On?
What do you... what do you mean?
You were under the
influence, Paul.
Heavily under the influence.
Was it scopolamine?
Whoa. What now?
Do you use the zombie drug?
I suppose that's...
possible.
Do any of the other
zombies use it?
Some do.
Some say it enhances
the zombie experience.
Where did you get it?
A guy down there
sells the stuff.
Who? What's his name?
I don't know. I never asked.
Well, describe him.
Dark hair, tall, over 6'.
Is this him?
Yeah, that's him.
Thanks for coming in again, Tom.
Sure. Though I'm not
sure what I can do.
I heard you caught the guy.
Yeah, well, we just
needed you to help us
tie up a few loose ends.
So this is our suspect...
Kyle Jennings.
Yeah, I remember from last time.
Now you said that you've
never seen him before.
Well...
he'd be hard to miss, right?
Yeah, that's funny, 'cause
Kyle said he saw you.
Yeah, he says you were
at the zombie walk.
You never told us that you were a
part of the zombie subculture.
Detective, I'm pre-law.
I- I have no time for
regular culture,
let alone subculture.
Oh, Tom, you're too modest.
A number of zombies
sang your praises.
Yeah, apparently,
you're the go-to guy
for the real zombie experience
with the scopolamine.
The what?
You're a kid from
Ridgewood, Tom.
You don't even have a job.
And yet, you manage to afford
a really nice apartment
and you're able to
pay your tuition.
I- I took out student loans.
Look...
I'm... I'm... I'm not a drug dealer.
You're trying to get ahead.
You know, make a
life with Greta.
And then she steps out with
some Wall Street douche
who just would not let her go.
David wanted to see Greta the
night that he was killed.
She said no.
We canvassed the area.
He was seen sitting in his car
outside of your apartment.
When you left that night,
he followed you to
the zombie walk.
I'm betting he told you he
was gonna fight for Greta.
He was handsome, he had money,
the two of them had a history.
I mean, you knew you
couldn't compete.
Yeah, especially if
David told Greta
you're nothing but a
low-life drug dealer.
You had to take matters
into your own hands.
Or more specifically,
Kyle's hands.
So you had this brilliant plan.
You dosed Kyle with scopolamine,
told him to kill David,
thinking, nobody will
ever figure it out.
Actually, that last part
didn't work out so well.
Yeah.
All you have
is the word of a few
whacked out zombies.
That's not even close
to probable cause.
Yeah, well, it's all I need to
keep you here for 24 hours.
And by then,
I will have my proof.
No, you won't.
He's right. We've got nothing.
"Nothing" is a strong word.
The only person that can link
Tom to the killing is Kyle,
and he doesn't
remember anything.
And on top of all of that,
the evidence shows that Kyle
alone committed the murder.
Well, when you put it like that...
yes, it sounds a little bleak.
Maybe this is it,
what every homicide cop fears.
The perfect murder.
No. This is not the
perfect murder.
- Can't be.
- It happens.
Not to me.
Not unless I've written it.
No, we're just
missing something.
Like proof.
Without it, we did the
only thing we could.
We went at Tom head-on.
He didn't blink.
We're out of moves.
We got one move left.
We went at Tom head-on.
Now we need to go
at him sideways.
And I know just what to do.
Greta, I know how you feel.
You're in love with Tom,
and you want to see
the best in him.
But you have to
look at the facts
what you're saying isn't true.
Okay? None of it is.
Well, then take the money.
How is he able to pay for
an apartment in Manhattan?
Not being a drug dealer,
I'll tell you that much.
What about that engagement ring?
How can he afford that?
He... he said it was
his grandmother's.
Greta, you are my last chance.
If you don't help me,
an innocent man is gonna
go to prison for life
for David's murder.
No.
Tom's the innocent one. Okay?
You got your killer, and
it's not my fiance.
I'm still waiting on
that proof of yours.
No?
Nothing?
Well, thanks for
the hospitality.
Is there a comment
card I could fill out
about the level of
service I received?
You're free to go.
Take advantage while you can.
Yeah, Greta told me about
your little conversation.
That was your big play,
to use my own
fiancee against me?
She's gonna figure out who
you are sooner or later,
so what are you gonna
do about it then?
Kyle Jennings made bail.
Got released a
couple of hours ago.
Wait. Kyle is out?
His bail was set at $1 million.
Where'd he get the money?
Turns out he's got an uncle
who's got some serious dough.
I'd steer clear of
him if I was you.
What kind of lies
did you tell him?
We didn't tell him anything,
but Kyle's a smart guy.
He's gonna do the math.
I want police protection.
I thought you didn't
do anything wrong.
I didn't, but thanks to you,
Kyle thinks that I did,
and now he's out there.
Y- you're releasing me with
knowledge and forethought
that he could attack me.
If he does,
think about the lawsuit
I'll file against you.
Detective Esposito, please
process Mr. Williams
and then escort him to his
apartment, make sure it's clear,
and then after that,
you are on your own.
I'll be sure to check
"excellent service"
on that comment card.
I want a patrol car
outside the building.
Yeah, well, that's
not gonna happen.
I'm gonna come over
and let you...
Aah!
Get down! Stay in the car.
NYPD! Drop that bat and
show me your hands.
I know what you did to me.
No, I didn't. I-I didn't.
You made me kill a man and now
I'm gonna do the same to you!
Kyle, no, please. I...
I'm very sorry.
You're lying.
No, I am. I swear.
He was gonna take
Greta away from me.
I had to do something.
I'm sorry I used you.
Just please don't...
please don't... don't hurt me.
Okay. Enough.
Good actor, huh?
I had you going.
Tom Williams, you
are under arrest
for the murder of David Lock.
Wait. Hang on a second.
Just... Kyle.
What... Kyle?
Sorry.
Kyle couldn't make it.
But he, uh...
sends his regards.
Turn around.
I'm gotta tell you, bro,
you coming at me like that...
you almost made me a believer.
Stop it.
Don't do that.
You're creeping me out.
Ah, you really nailed it, Kyle.
Your costume is
what sold that bit.
Yeah, and by helping us,
you've actually helped yourself.
The DA is looking into
dismissing the
charges against you
now that he has
Tom's confession.
Detective, Mr. Castle,
I- I don't know how
to thank you...
Uh, let me borrow
the zombie outfit
for another day,
we'll call it even.
You know what? Keep it.
My zombie walking days are over.
I just...
want to put all this behind me.
How does somebody put something
like that behind them?
He's gonna need therapy.
It helps.
At first he won't even
be able to deal with it.
It's gonna take
everything that he's got
to just put one foot
in front of the other
and get through the day.
I didn't know you were
seeing a therapist.
Yeah, well, I didn't want
to make any excuses.
I just wanted to...
put in the time
and do the work.
But I think I'm almost
where I want to be now.
And... where is that?
In a place where I
can finally accept
everything that
happened that day.
Everything.
I think...
I understand.
And, um, that wall that I
was telling you about...
I think it's coming down.
Well, I'd like to be
there when it does.
Yeah, I'd like you
to be there, too.
- Only without the zombie makeup.
- I don't know.
I kind of think that the zombie
makeup suits you, Castle.
Yeah, I make it work.
Tomorrow?
Tomorrow.
Victory is mine.
1,000...
points.
And that is the icing
on the cake that
has been my day.
That's it?
It's over?
What? Come on, Alexis.
It's just a game.
A game we started when I was five,
and it's over.
And I'm going to graduate,
leave for college,
and I'll be there
and you'll be here,
and we can play at Christmas
and during the summer,
but...
it won't be the same, will it?
No.
But you know what?
Things change.
And change is good.
I can't do it.
Do what?
Go that far away.
I want to go away,
but not that far.
And I hate myself for it,
because my personal motto is,
"do the thing that
you fear the most,"
but every time I get ready
to hit the send button
on my acceptance to
Oxford or Stanford, I...
I get all sick inside.
Well, you... follow your heart.
Follow your heart,
you can't go wrong.
And my heart is telling me...
go to Columbia.
But here's the other
thing... if I do this,
you have to promise
not to drop in on me.
If I do this,
you have to give me my space.
Do you think you can do that?
I think I can give a
sincere and solemn oath
to try.
Then...
best two out of three.
This isn't over.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org